[theme music]
[phone rings]
[blows raspberry]
Hello?
ROSEANNE: Hi, Becky.
Something came in the
mail for you today.
OK, well, why
don't you open it,
and if it's anything important,
just call me back later, OK?
Well, hang on, this'll
just take a minute.
Hurry.
Hey, Becky, you've got some
really good coupons, here.
There's $2 off
your dry cleaning,
free sprinkles on
your yogurt cone--
Listen, mom, why
don't you keep that?
ROSEANNE: Are you sure, Becky?
I mean, this is
a $5 value, here.
You could use 'em
when you come down.
No, really, please take them.
I want you to have them.
ROSEANNE: Well, OK,
then, suit yourself.
OK, see you later.
Bye.
This has got to be
some kind of a record.
Not again-- really?
Yeah, every single
time I call over there.
It's so romantic,
all that passion.
When you have to make love
every minute of the day.
Oh, look at how cute "The
Family Circus" is today.
I'm going to have to
call Becky and tell her.
[theme music]
[doorbell]
[thunder]
- Hi, Charlotte.
Hey, Mrs. Conner.
I hope I'm not
interrupting anything.
No, I've just got this wife
and mother thing going on.
Boy, you're soaked.
Yeah.
Um, Molly was supposed to
leave the keys in my locker
and she didn't, so I'm
kind of locked out.
Oh, gee, I used to
have an extra key,
but I gave it back to your dad.
Sorry.
Oh, well, that's OK.
Well, thanks anyway.
I'm just going to
go wait outside.
Oh, OK, bye.
Bye.
ROSEANNE: Oh, Charlotte?
Yes?
Is it still raining out there?
Oh, yeah-- hard.
Well, OK, bye.
Bye.
Hey, Charlotte?
Yes?
Would you please get your
butt back in this kitchen?
Yes.
I can't believe it you were
actually going to go stand out
there in the
pouring rain instead
of just asking if you could
hang out here for a while.
Yeah, I just didn't
want to bother you.
That meatloaf you're making?
Yeah, well,
we'll call it that.
I always put
extra yolks in mine.
You know, it's my
special recipe.
You're 17.
You shouldn't have
a meatloaf recipe.
Go get something pierced.
You know, if you don't
mind, I love to cook.
Yeah?
Well, so do I, but
you are the guest.
Hey.
Hey, Darlene.
I'd like you to meet
my new daughter.
Oh, mom, don't make
me share your love.
[door opens]
MOLLY: Hello?
Hi, come on in.
Good thing you're here,
we need a salad, too.
Charlotte, there you are.
Guess what?
You forgot to leave the keys?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I had to get in line for
Daisy Chainsaw tickets.
I can't believe you got them.
You did not.
I did, too.
But those are, like,
impossible to get.
I didn't think
there'd be any left.
Wait a minute, you and I
actually like the same band?
Yeah, well, you know,
don't spread it around.
Don't worry, I've
got a reputation, too.
Yeah, and the cold
sores to prove it.
Girls--
What?
I'm serious about that salad.
Boy, you'd think you'd
be nicer to somebody
with an extra ticket.
You got an extra ticket?
Yeah, do you want to go?
Are they really,
really good seats?
They're tenth row, center.
I'm there.
Uh, just a minute.
Where is the concert at?
It's at the arena in Rockford.
No way, forget about it.
Well, you're not really going
to keep me from going, are you?
I mean, come on.
I'm 16 years old.
Well, that was
going to be my point.
I don't believe this.
Molly's dad is letting her go.
Well, great, then you've
got somebody who'll bring
you back a t-shirt.
Ugh, this is so unfair.
Why don't you trust me?
Because I've seen your work.
I seem to remember a
little incident last year,
with you sneaking off to Chicago
and me grounding you until--
what are you doing
out of your room?
That's 'cause I
didn't tell you.
This time, I'm telling you.
Look, I know your children
haven't behaved perfectly
in the past, but at
some point, you're going
to have to trust one of them.
OK-- Molly, you want to
take DJ to the concert?
Come on, I'm serious.
And that Chicago thing
was over a year ago.
I haven't cut school
once since then.
And with Becky out of the
house, I've had a lot more to do
around here, and I'm doing it.
I'm trying really hard and it
doesn't seem to matter to you.
And might I add, your hair
looks particularly lovely today.
One more word, and
you're not going.
All right, yes!
No, we have to check
with your dad to make sure
he says it's OK.
Oh, he will.
You can convince him.
Yeah, maybe I'll try
that 'particularly lovely
hair' bit on him.
Thanks, mom.
I can go.
Cool, thanks, Mrs. Conner.
I'll pay you half now and half
when I actually see the band.
Gee, Charlotte, you wanted
to go to that concert too,
didn't you?
No, not really.
Well, I could still tell
Darlene that she can't go.
Nah, it wouldn't be fair.
Well, hey, I'm
unreasonable all the time,
and Darlene would never
know the difference.
No, really, I'm fine.
OK, well, if you're
ever sitting over there
and you're lonely
or something, you
know you're welcome to come
over here and hang out any time.
Thanks.
That's really nice, Mrs. Conner.
Roseanne.
OK.
Well, Dan'll be home
in a couple of minutes.
We'd better hurry and
get that dinner done.
Oh, yeah.
No, Becky, don't you get it?
"Marmaduke" is too big
for that small car!
Well, sorry for bothering you.
Bye.
You'd think she'd learn to
take it off the hook by now.
[laughs] That damn pooch.
Woof!
How many of those
did DJ soak you for?
I haven't bought.
I'm just browsing.
What time did we tell
Darlene to be home?
[sighs] After the concert.
That's very vague, dear.
Would that be a month
after the concert?
Do I really have to go through
this again with you, Dan?
OK, the concert
lets out at 11:00.
I told her to come
straight home,
so she'll probably
be here by midnight.
It's an hour and a
half drive from Rockford.
Not the way Molly speeds.
And you know, after she's had
a couple of drinks in her--
I'm serious, honey.
I can't believe we let her go
to a rock concert by herself.
She's not by herself,
Dan, and she's 16.
We can't just lock her up.
Hey, we got a basement.
Now Dan, come here.
Darlene is out for the night.
DJ's sleeping at mom's,
nothing good on TV.
Come over here.
Why, Miss Conner,
you're my boss.
I thought we had a strictly
professional relationship.
Oh, I just can't
help myself, Danny.
Ooh, the way you make my coffee.
The way you walk out of a room.
Ooh, I know why you wear
these skin-tight overalls.
I'm beginning to
think you didn't
hire me for my typing skills.
Hold my calls.
[knocking at door]
Eh, fix your face.
Oh, hi, Charlotte.
Hey, Roseanne.
Uh, I'm sorry to bother you.
- That's OK.
- Thanks.
What do you need?
Um, I'm doing a book report
for school and the library
is closed.
And I noticed that you
guys have encyclopedias.
We do?
Yeah, Dan, don't you remember?
We got A through S, and then we
had to switch grocery stores.
Right, then we got Shop and
Save's "Parade of Presidents,"
but we had to stop at Lincoln
'cause of that bad check thing.
But if you need any
bicentennial dishes,
we have everything except
for the salad plates.
No, that's OK.
Thanks.
I guess I'll just go.
You sure?
Yeah.
Hey, let's try
something, Charlotte.
Right after I
finished talking, then
you say something
back, right away.
Um, my dad's working
the night shift
and Molly's out with Darlene.
And I'd never been alone
in a new house before,
and I made you some snacks.
Well, you know I told
you, you could come over
here and hang out any time.
You don't have to bring
food every single time
you come over here.
Just you is enough--
got it?
- Yes.
Oh, no--
Rice Krispie treats.
Over here!
Come on, Molly, let's go.
It's getting late.
Excuse me.
So cute-- which one do you want?
The one that will kill you
and stuff you into a trunk.
Come on, would you lighten up?
Look, I have a boyfriend.
I don't need these jerks.
Now can we get out here?
It's been like, an
hour and a half.
Well, it's my car and
I'm not ready to go.
I'm still looking for
the perfect guy, OK?
Oh, it's a good thing
we're in a parking
lot full of drunken losers.
It shouldn't be hard to
spot that white horse.
So you guys coming, or what?
Well, I'm definitely
going to go.
But Darlene here,
is kind of shy.
Well, look, we don't
have to go anywhere.
I got a couple of
joints in the van.
Yeah, Darlene, you
look like a real partier.
Any part of you that touches
me, you're not getting back.
I'm going without you.
I'm not standing in
this parking lot alone.
Give me the keys
and I'll drive home.
Let Sean drive you home.
Yeah, I'll drive you home.
Oh, god.
Look, just 15
minutes, I promise.
Mm, so, Darlene, did you--
Just stop right
there, Pony Boy.
You and the rest of
yours "Outsiders"
can go rumble someplace else.
Look, I apologize
for my friend.
I mean, he's a real jerk.
I mean, it's obviously a bad
idea to go into someone's
van you hardly even know.
So it's lucky for you, I happen
to have a couple of joints
right here.
Oh man, I feel like I'm
in the middle of a really
bad after-school special.
[crickets chirping]
JACKIE: Yeah, Gil, they're
in a blue '83 Celica.
It's Darlene and another
girl, Molly Tilden.
No, we haven't been able to get
in touch with her father yet.
What was Molly wearing?
- Oh, a black mini-skirt.
Black mini-skirt.
And it was a half-shirt.
A crop top.
And a sweater she always wears
when she goes out to get guys.
Guy-getting sweater.
Who the hell is
she talking to?
Well, gee, it's
4:00 in the morning.
I think she's ordering a couple
things from Spiegel catalog.
Get her off the phone.
Darlene could be
trying to call through.
Charlotte, go home and check
your answering machine, again.
Yes, sir.
I'm going back outside.
I want to stand in the
middle of the street, where
the first thing she'll
see when she pulls up
is my head exploding.
Gil gets accident reports
from all the hospitals.
He hasn't heard anything.
God, where could they be?
I'm going to go out and
drive around a little.
I'm sure there's nothing
to worry about, hon.
Car might've broken down,
they might have pulled off
the road somewhere
and could be wandering
down some deserted
highway, looking
for anybody to pick them up.
I'll go look.
DAN: Did something happen?
You hear something?
No.
[door shuts]
Don't.
You said, let her go.
I said, don't.
She could be out
there, God knows where.
God knows what happened to her.
This never would
have happened if you
would have listened to me.
A 16-year-old kid shouldn't
go to no rock concert.
Yeah, you're right, Dan.
Only middle-aged couples
should go to rock concerts.
You're not off
the hook for this.
You let it go all
the way to Rockford.
You let her do whatever
the hell she wants.
And this time--
I don't even want to
think about this time.
So why don't you just
go ahead and say it?
Go on, just say,
I'm a lousy mother.
There, you feel better?
Yeah, maybe this time,
something will happen to her.
And then you can be
Lord God King Right.
Yeah, Roseanne, that's
exactly what I'm looking for.
[door opens]
- I want--
Don't even bother
yelling at me
because no matter
how mad you are,
you're nowhere near
as mad as I am.
ROSEANNE: Well, don't bet on it.
Where in the hell have you been?
Trying to get home.
That skank woman, Molly, left
me stranded in the parking lot
so she could jump in a van with
some guys after the concert.
I finally had to
wave down a cab.
I don't care
what your story is.
The rule is, you call.
It was a bad neighborhood.
When I finally
found a phone booth,
I got tired of waiting for the
guy in it to finish peeing.
Look, I know I
should have called,
but I just wanted to get home.
You expect us to believe that?
Well, if you don't, just
go ask the cab driver.
He's waiting
outside for his $75.
Oh, man.
The grocery money's
on top of the fridge.
DAN: [coughs]
What were you doing talking
to some guys in a van?
It wasn't me, it was her.
I told you that.
[phone rings]
Right, she deserted you.
What, you don't believe
that Molly would desert me?
Why, because she's
so sweet and cute
and says 'please' and
'thank you, ma'am'?
ROSEANNE: No, because she
doesn't have a history
of lying to me like you do.
DAN: That was Charlotte.
She just heard from Molly.
Darlene, you'll be relieved
to know that right now, you're
in Molly's car,
driving back with her,
and you'll be home
safe in about an hour.
I'll accept your apology
over eggs and French toast
in the morning.
Or, you know, you
could just ground me,
and that'd be OK, too.
Why does she buy
this brand of waffles?
I hate these waffles.
(THROUGH GRITTED
TEETH) Well, you
know you could solve
that problem by having
breakfast in your own house.
Hi.
Hey.
DAN: Hey.
JACKIE: Hi.
Well, for a guy working
the night shift,
you're up pretty early.
Or awful late--
care for a night-cap?
Yeah, in a minute.
We got something to
clear up first, right?
I'm really sorry
about last night.
And I hope you're
not mad at Darlene
for coming home so late,
'cause it was all my fault.
Apology accepted.
We're just thankful
everybody's OK.
I'm going to go upstairs
and apologize to Darlene.
Oh, man, daughters-- they
ought to come with a handbook.
Yeah, so you can
smack them with it.
TY: [chuckles]
You know, Dan, look at me.
I'm working all the time.
These kids don't have a mother.
I mean, it's getting tough.
I mean, Charlotte,
she's a dream.
But Molly-- she's
a real handful.
A real handful?
That's one way of putting it.
Well, I'm just
really glad the guard
let her go back to the
building to get her purse.
I'm-- I'm not sure
Darlene told me about that.
Well, Darlene got tired of
waiting, so she left for home.
And I'll tell you,
I don't blame her,
because if you go
somewhere with Molly,
she always leave
something behind
and it takes about a
year for her to find it.
Wow, a less-trusting
parent might
think you could
drive a van through
the holes in that story.
TY: Well, they don't
know my daughter.
I do.
Well, I guess.
Now, listen, sometimes
you got to give your kids
the benefit of the doubt.
Nah, you give murderers
These are your kids.
Dan, I trust my kids.
And all I'm hoping for
is I raised them right
so they do right.
That's it.
Whatever works.
Why don't you go home
and get some sleep?
Sleep?
Ha.
[grunts] Ow.
And I'll get started on
that early grave for you.
JACKIE: (WHISPERING)
Can you believe that?
That kid's got him
totally snowed.
Yeah, makes you realize, there
but for the grace of God goes--
well, some parent
with good kids.
Well, we can't
leave it like this.
What are you going to do?
[slurps]
I know exactly what
I'm going to do.
Rosie!
Come on, my butt's
on the line, here.
Won't you even listen to me?
No, we spent enough
time in life together.
We're done now.
You didn't tell your parents
what really happened, did you?
Most of it.
My mom never would've bought
that I-lost-my-purse crap,
anyway.
[door opens]
Oh, I don't know.
Try me.
I'm not as good when
I haven't slept.
Hi, Mrs. Conner.
I'm really about--
No, you're not.
But you will be.
Darlene-- out.
In a minute--
I seem to have misplaced
my purse, here, somewhere.
Darlene-- out.
So, Molly--
Look, I know what
Darlene told you--
ROSEANNE: Let's just
cut the crap, OK?
You're talking to
Darlene's mother, here--
the mother of all mothers.
And she is majorly mad!
Now maybe your father's
too busy to see
what you're trying
to get away with,
but don't even waste
that story on me.
- It wasn't a story.
- Molly, Molly, Molly--
I have raised two of the best
damn liars in the free world.
Don't embarrass yourself.
Why are you ragging on me?
'Cause that's what I do.
I did it with Becky.
I do it with Darlene.
But doing it with
you is even more fun
because I can yell at
you all I want, and I
don't have to buy you a car.
Yeah, that's right,
'cause you're not my mother.
Fine-- since I'm
not your mother,
then I'm not going to tell
you how stupid it is to get
into some stranger's van.
And I'm also not
going to tell you
how terrible things happen
to stupid little girls
like you every single day.
I don't have to
listen to this--
Oh, but I think you do.
Now you want to
screw up your life?
I don't care.
But when you leave this
house with a Conner kid,
you're going to
be extra careful.
'Cause Darlene is one of the
few things we own outright.
I get it, OK?
OK.
And you are going
to pay me back
for Darlene's cab ride home.
Yes, I'll pay you back.
Yeah, you're damn
right you will,
because you're going
to work it off washing
dishes at the diner--
all $150 of it.
[theme music]
DAN: Woof!
[laughs]
That damn dog.
Was that the last candy bar?
Yeah, that's the last one.
Well, I guess maybe DJ
won that prize after all.
Oh, great, he sold them all?
Well, if that's the last
one, where else would they go?
Did you eat any?
A couple.
Well, I ate a couple.
Darlene ate a couple.
And Jackie's
having her period.
Well, I guess at $3 a pop,
we've bought DJ a $60 wood-chip
pencil case.
Woof.
[laughs] Ah, well,
but hey, let's not
waste that chocolate buzz.
Woof!
[theme music]